Add documentation and examples for the integration with Micrometer Tracing (#2558)
reactor/reactor-netty: reactor-netty-http-brave/README.md

# Brave instrumentation for Reactor Netty HTTP

:exclamation: This module is **DEPRECATED** as of `Reactor Netty 1.1.0` and will be removed in `Reactor Netty 2.0.0`.

> Prefer using the standard `HttpClient/HttpServer` integration with [Micrometer Tracing](https://micrometer.io/docs/tracing).

Reviewer: Change `Prefer using` to `We prefer to use`.

> Prefer using the standard `HttpClient/HttpServer` integration with [Micrometer Tracing](https://micrometer.io/docs/tracing).

Author: ```suggestion
We prefer to use the standard `HttpClient/HttpServer` integration with [Micrometer Tracing](https://micrometer.io/docs/tracing).
```
